README.md, before:

# StackStorm Exchange Incubator

### What is this?

This repository is a very special place where user-submitted packs get reviewed, perfected, approved, and finally transferred to the Exchange.

If you want to submit your pack, it's simple! **Fork this repo, create a subdirectory with your pack, and open a Pull Request.** We'll take it from here. Even if your pack is work-in-progress, you can still submit it to get advice and early feedback from our engineers! Or ping us [on Slack](https://stackstorm.com/community-signup), which is generally the best place to get advice from the StackStorm Community.

Before you submit a pack, make sure to read the [Create and Contribute a Pack](https://docs.stackstorm.com/reference/packs.html) section of our documentation.

Here's N.E.P.T.R. the StackStorm Exchange Governor, giving you a thumbs-up:

![](http://i.imgur.com/3bqVAh0.gif)

## Contributors License Agreement

By contributing you agree that these contributions are your own (or approved by your employer) and
you grant a full, complete, irrevocable copyright license to all users and developers of the
project, present and future, pursuant to the license of the project.

Commit message:

clarify license and process in README

README.md, after:

# StackStorm Exchange Incubator

### What is this?

This repository is a very special place where user-submitted packs get reviewed, perfected, approved, and finally transferred to the Exchange.

If you want to submit your pack, it's simple!

1. **Fork this repo,**
2. **create a subdirectory with your pack,**
3. **and open a Pull Request.**

We'll take it from here. Even if your pack is work-in-progress, you can still submit it to get advice and early feedback from our engineers! Or ping us [on Slack](https://stackstorm.com/community-signup), which is generally the best place to get advice from the StackStorm Community.

Before you submit a pack, make sure to read the [Create and Contribute a Pack](https://docs.stackstorm.com/reference/packs.html) section of our documentation.

Here's N.E.P.T.R. the StackStorm Exchange Governor, giving you a thumbs-up:

![](http://i.imgur.com/3bqVAh0.gif)

## Contributors License Agreement

By contributing you agree that these contributions are your own (or approved by your employer) and
you grant a full, complete, irrevocable copyright license to all users and developers of the
project, present and future, pursuant to the license of the project.

## License

All packs must be licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. We will not accept your new pack
until we see a LICENSE file in your pull request with the Apache 2.0 license in it.
